Schneider:F**k..it hurts

can you stand up Miss Schneider? both your right hand and left leg are injured

[Arcana walks to Schneider]

Schneider:get lost!don't touch my gun!
Schneider:Rotten roots,croaking toads…You jerk!

Arcana:Lady Vertin,what do you think of her pistol

Vertin:a great one

Arcana:exactly.which was improved by our finest wandmaker—Druvis Ⅲ
Arcana:take this 

Vertin:I don't need it

Arcana:and end her life

Vertin:why?I've decided to join you!
Vertin:the three questions are all done.it's already...already enough!

Arcana:indeed.it is a mission,a new Mission showing our Welcome to thee
Arcana:thou hast no right to refuse.complying is the only choice
Arcana:yet,lady Vertin liketh not this.then nay it is
Arcana:have an orange

Vertin:orange?what oranges here?

[into the illusion]

Younger Schneider:stop running!you Orange thief!

Vertin:Schneide?how did you become… so young?

Younger Schneider:Huh?your clothes...are you from the downtown?
Younger Schneider:Ah..I see.you're the friend that my sis said helping us pick Orange
Younger Schneider:come with me.we have to hurry up.Uncle Cannavale is going to transport the Younger Schneider:oranges to town tonight

Vertin:where...where am I

Younger Schneiderdon't be afraid.you can cut the oranges when you climb there.I'll grab you tight

Vertin:the orange tree feels so real-the warm breeze, the famous scent
Vertin:...I'm here to pick oranges

[outside the illusion]

Schneider:Uggh…uggh…huh…huh…
Schneider:my Lord ,is not fair,.you're shooting someone seriously injured…oh…
Schneider:wake up !come to your senses!

[inside the illusion]

Vertin:Ah..thank you for wiping the mud off my face

Younger Schneider:are you really here to help us pick oranges? you don't look very skilled. or it's all the city people like that?

Vertin:Who says I'm not? Observe.Let me pick up that big orange at the top for you.
Vertin:Just climb up here, take a small jump...then I will get it.
Vertin:..Hey!I got it!

[outside the illusion]

Schneider:Uggh...
Schneider:Huh..So it feels like this, to be shot by my own bullet...
Schneider:It's not over ye...my lord. Then...don't blame me for giving no mercy.
Pap!Pap!Pap!
Schneider:Your back is bloody red...Don't you feel the pain?
Schneider:The son of a b**ch!What the hell did she show you?
Arcana:Vertin's back...such a huge scar on her back. How?
Arcana:interesting, interesting. Linnes, the moon, the eye, what is it?

[inside the illusion]

Younger Schneider:How did you fall from the tree? Your back is bleeding.
Vertin:I... I think I just saw a critter. Didn't watch my step when driving it away
Younger Schneider:critter... Ahh, I know it. That's the little animal that didn't take the ark, right? I often find them in the bushes.
Vertin:You often see strange creatures...Are you also an arcanist?
Younger Schneider:im..umm...
Vertin:Ah, the critters are making trouble now. Wait a minute, I will deal with them soon.

[after fight]

Younger Schneider:Here you are.
Younger Schneider:It's the Big Orange. Thank you for helping us. Let's have it together. I want to hear the story about the world outside.

Vertin:In the future, will you also come to town, Schneider?

Younger Schneider:I... I have no idea. I've never left here, but my uncles have gone to the United States many years ago.
Younger Schneider:My family would also like to go. I heard that...it's completely different from here.
Younger Schneider:It's a real new world.
Younger Schneider:there are wonders.Full measure of the blessing will be given. Sins will be forgiven. The God there..loves the world.
Younger Schneider:Umm? Why don't you eat, Miss Vertin?

Vertin:I don't feel like it.
Vertin:I've been wondering...Don't you think this orange tasted bitter?

[outside the illusion]

Schneider:Why not shoot,?my lord.. huh...just one last shoot. ...Why did you stop! Why!
Schneider:Don't I deserve the right to...die fast?!
Schneider:Or did God finally forgive me... He allowed m.. to stay alive!!

Vertin:Schneidel?!why are you covered in blood...
Vertin:The pistol...no, no, no!don't come over.!
[This is the final chance, one shall fall, one shall stand. Schneidel dashes to Vertin, her chest bumping into the quivering pistol]

Vertin:Schneider!?WHY…!

Schneider:My lord..Not now

Vertin:im sorry

Forgot me not:Oops, right in the heart.
Forgot me not:Accidentally, though, our new member is quite a sharpshooter.

Druvis Ⅲ:...

Forgot me not:Where are you going, Miss Druvis?

Druvis Ⅲ:To where I go?

Arcana:This body, thou hast any idea, miss Druvis.

Druvis Ⅲ:send her back to where she belongs,
Druvis Ⅲ:so that they know Ms. Vertin's choice.
