Forgot me not: Miss Vertin doesn't seem to have any appetite. Or do you too wonder how gold bar steak with wine and boiled silver coin tastes?

Vertin:so is it symptom for the storm  syndrome this time?

Forgot me not: Storm syndrome.?That's how you call these pernicious habits from the old society.
Sounds like the Foundation are so satisfied with how the old society works that you call the current situation a syndrome.

Druvis Ⅲ:the Storm syndrome turned money into food in people's eyes. It's so ridiculous.
Druvis Ⅲ:How did they eat those gold bars? It's not easy to cut them off.

Forgot me not:Of course not. Gold is no meat or vegetable.
Forgot me not:But humans, yes, they are impressive. They had somehow worked out a brand new set of tools dealing with the new 'food'. A parer that con pare the rough surface of the gold like a potato;A spray gun that can melt bullion within seconds;A cutting board that can prevent cash from scattering all over the place....
Forgot me not:There are even cold drinks made from the melted Statue of Liberty for only 50 cents...haha,I can't help laughing.

Druvis Ⅲ:But the milk. Was mostly dumped.

Forgot me not:It's not food anymore. I can't experience the lives of people who ware sifted out by the storm. But I wonder for them.What do they do for eating for paying? In the storm, the thing that dominates their lives is still money. How could it be more ridiculous for the time?

Vertin:Why do you blame them?in the storm There is no life.

Druvis Ⅲ:life...You look very sad, Miss Vertin. I do not understand.

Vertin:This burnt branch should have come from a rowing tree, right? I have seen this tree in Ireland and southwest England.It is often called 'quickbeam' derived from old German means stay alive. Rowan is full of vitality. Even if it is transplanted from Europe to North America, it grows vigorously and stretches into a vast forest.
Vertin:In most dangerous days in the Celtic calendar, people would wear garlands and berries of rowan to pray for its blessing for vitality. However, an unexpected fire destroyed all of them. Just like the storm.It's there for no reason.

Forgot me not:I suggest you stop talking.

Vertin:People like this branch whose life was brutally terminated.They worked out new tools. They tried to eat these softened gold bars and sold the food that's no longer valuable. People worked so hard to understand life with their own logic...Because they just want to live as much as possible. But not go back in time.

Forgot me not:Watch your mouth, Vertin.

Druvis Ⅲ:But...going back in time...Why isn't it real life?

Vertin:Is this little rowan branch really alive, Miss Druvis? You used Arcanum to keep it at the moment when it was burned.  Once you dispel the Arcanum, it would not be what it is now.I think you are clear, Miss Druvis, that...**every tree lives for tomorrow**.

Forgot me not:Enough! How abominable. This is not where you can give your speeches and such cliches.Since you're still being such a bureaucrat...why not let our believers help you get used to the manners manners? How dare you!

[The vase shatters in to pieces during the chaos.The deadwood falls out,and surprisingly shows a touch of green as if the incantation has been dispelled]

Forgot me not:You should not touch others' belongings. Look what you've done!

Druvis Ⅲ:I heard that rowan was often planted next to Welsh cemeteries. Because it would guide the deceased to the next life,So as not to stay in the world and haunt the living. But I was hoping... Never mind. The Arcanum is dispelled.I don't like things being touched by others. Take it away.

Vertin:...All right.

[only two are left at the large dining table]

Forgot me not:That branch. You've treasured it for a long time. Is it alright to just give that to her?

Druvis Ⅲ:Sigh.You asked me to stay. Is there anything you would like me to know?

Yes. I've received an instruction from the guiding one.Our next plan concerns you. Follow me.
