Sotheby:Okay, it's time to publish the lab results of the 42nd triall of the Chew-Chew 3 Hallucinogen ⅢTell me about what you saw.

The man:The Madonna,dagger,Portland cement blocks...ahh yuck!it tastes like cement too.

Marian:wool,twine and scissors,pineaple cherry tomato pizza.oh no no no no.how sacrilegious...my Lord.

Mr.karson:Glenn Miller's trombone collection,medals and.Why is that here-the body of my dog in the trench?

Sotheby:..Gosh!really sorry,Mr.Karson.still need to improve,improve!it's alright give me one more time.30 minutes are enough

Mr.Apple:working up an appetite with hallucinogen is harder than I thought. Miss Sotheby,We have to hurry up.The longer they can't eat, the weaker they get.

Sotheby:i  know.I will make it...I've learnt so many formulas...and bought so many of the best ingredients...I…hey!stop it,Anna!don't eat these banknotes!stop her,Ms.Sonetto

Sonetto:sorry.for the humans who have temporarily lost their minds,this is the only way to go.I received the message from the patrol team.followers are around the manor.

Sotheby:what!they must be doing something bad!stop them. don't let them in!

[Tje rolling wind is not usual tonight]

AppleMiss:Sonetto,have you heard from the foundation

Sonetto:not yet...if the instructions are delayed,I'm afraid I will implement the backup plan,to rescue the timekeeper is a primary goal

Follow:I'm afraid the reality fails you, ladies.

[say a bunch of people carrying a stretcher.The Person on the stretcher is tightly covered with a white cloth. Only one arm with the feather decoration hangs down.]

Sotheby:Who are you!The masks...you are the Trouble maker followers carrying a small white bed.what's that

Marian:the black suit...the feathers…Schneider!that's my sister Schneider!what happened...the blood everywhere…

Follower:what happeneddeath ,of course.there are many bodies,she's the only one to go home.just for you to know
.it's our Ms.Vertin's decision

Sonetto:…nonsense

Apple:let me check.the scar on her chest has no sign of slime

FollowerMs.Vertin is already one of us.we share the same blood.that's an incredible gunfight,that's an incredible gunfight,greater than any you 've seen last night.believe it or not check the scars on the body.they're like sparkling pearls on the beach

Marian:oh..enough enough

Sonetto:Unforgivable how could there be someone who spoke such rude words and...insulted the deceased and the timekeeper like this.May the peace be with us

[after fight with followers]

Sonetto:the enemies are cleared

Schneider:good fight old woman.you venge me fiercely...COUGH...even my stone heart will be moved

Marian:what is going on how did you get these bad injuries

Sonetto:Where is the timekeeperwhat happened to youis…

Schneiderthis is not important.in your heart...there has been an irrevocable answer for long.look at this flower. look at every word on it…we got it at the expense of...our lives.I'm so glad I can see the Starry Night

Apple:She passed out!take her inside for emergency medical attention!
