Mr.Karson:I'm doing the weekly inventory check. I apologise for not welcoming you in time. However, what happened to your outfit, my lady? Look at the dust on your cheek, and where is the bow on your left arm? Why do you look like you just crawled out of the trenches?

Mr.Karson:This is terribly bad manners. I hope that Mr. Forget-Me-Not and the High Society you meet today will not think that the Sotheby's are a group of savages.

Sotheby:Mr. Carson! You're all right.That's great!I haven't found you, and the servants are all... Is there something wrong with our manner? Did the Manus make any trouble?

Mr.Karson:The Manus ?I don't understand, my lady. I assure you, the manor has not been disturbed by anyone.
Mr.Karson:However, after dinner, all the servants somehow got acute gastrointestinal inflammation. Your favourite gardener, Nick, is in hospital now.

Sotheby:What? How could that happen? And you?

Mr.Karson:I was waiting for Master's phone call while they were having dinner.Don't worry, my lady. I have double-checked the food. I assume that it's just because of the inappropriate preservation.

Sotheby:Oh, if it's not those bad guys of Manus, then I have nothing to worry about. That's it for now, Mr. Carson. I need to find the 'coco carrot'.

Mr.Karson:'Coco' carrot?

Sotheby:Yes, that remedy will save my friend's life. They are all waiting for me in the lobby. It's a close call.

Mr.Karson:I see. Please, be at ease, and a decent meal will be prepared for your friends.

Sotheby:Thank you, my greatest Mr. Carson.

Sotheby:Where will the‘coco banana’ be stored?oh!It hurts so much. How come there are so many green balls rolling around in the corridor!

Grrrrr Meow:Grrrrr Meow, meow, meow, meow!

Sotheby:Grrrrr Meow? Isn't it the cactus cat? You actually sneaked out while Anna was sick. So did you come out to steal cactus juice again? I will get you drank right now, or the manor will be messed up again.

[after fight]

Sotheby:Little devils, I gotcha. haha I'm quite good. Huh? What's this little bottle next to the barrel? Manco...
Sotheby:Ah!Here is the magic Mancozeb that can cure all! The kind Alchemist Sotheby will not give up any patient!

Sonetto:Thank you, Alchemist Sotheby. Mr. Apple has applied the medicine just now, and Miss Marion found the medicine outside the garden storeroom.

Sotheby:Ah, there are still many Alchemists who are better than me. But why do you look so serious? This is....

Sonetto:Come here, Miss Sotheby.
Sonetto:The Manus has taken action. There is a large-scale disease outbreak in the city centre. The news is on the radio.

Radio host:According to the Public Health Service, by 8 p.m. today, 13,469 cases of asphyxiation deaths, 2,283 confirmed cases of acute respiratory distress syndrome, and 181,002 confirmed cases related to gastrointestinal inflammation were reported in 45 regions. Patients with the new disease have had such primary symptoms as swallowing difficulties, shortness of breath, and gastrointestinal inflammation. The disease is likely to spread in the areas of residence where patients live.

Radio host:It has not yet been confirmed as highly infectious. PHS Commissioned Corps has intervened in food supply control and will report its findings as soon as possible. The east side of Michigan Avenue in Loop District, the Gold Coast block in the near north side, and the River North neighbourhood are the most affected areas.

Radio host:We have also received reports from Evanston and Oak Park. Until the source of the disease is identified, we ask that general public refrain from eating at restaurants, cafes, bars, and public places. If not necessary, please do not visit major public hospitals in urban areas.

Sotheby:More than 100,000 people are sick. Oh my gosh.You look so angry, Miss sonetto.Are you okay?

Sonetto:I'm fine. The casualties are staggering. How did the menace do that? These are obviously exogenous diseases.

Sotheby:Could it be poison? Miss singing box said that people who are sick would all have stomach pains. Gastrointestinal inflammation, right?

Apple:But even the hypertoxic ash of Paradexiion Tree can't cause such a mass casualty. And this apple's symptom doesn't include gastrointestinal inflammation.

Sonetto:I have recorded the broadcast and the timekeeper's situation and will report it to the headquarters now. Whether it is the solution to the storm or the plan to rescue the timekeeper, we all need instructions at a higher level.

Mr. Carson:Apologies for interrupting.

Sotheby:Mr. Carson? Is it time for dinner?

Mr. Carson:Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, dinner is ready. Please, follow me to the dining room.

Sonetto:That's great. Thank you.

Sotheby:Do we have haggis with plum sauce today? I want everyone to try the delicacy my father brought back from Scotland.

P1--[Dinner image, or rather a “dinner” composed of banknotes, gold, silver coins, gems, and suchlike]

Mr. Carson:Of course, my lady. Your favourite lechvar haggis will be served soon. These dishes are made with the latest seasonal ingredients from the manor.May this wonderful night wash away our distinguished guest's weariness.

Sotheby:Mr. Carson! What... what... what are these?

Mr. Carson:These are the appetizers. or Would you like me to introduce them, my lady? The 1919 Beutratai sweet wine, Mouli en Medoc, from Chateau-spleen,Creamy orange caramels with toffee pudding, puffer pod in herring soup. Cream of watercress soup, oysters with mignonette sauce, and dill baronets.

Sotheby:No, that's not what I mean.Are you making a joke? But this is not who you are, Mr. Carson. I don't understand.

Sonetto:So, is that... What do you say is in the bowl in front of you, Mr. Carson? What is it?

Mr. Carson:Cream of watercress soup made of wasabi, blue cheese, watercress, fresh shellfish.

Sotheby:Gosh, Mr. Carson, can't you... can't you see it?

Mr. Carson:If there is anything wrong with the cuisine, please let me know, my lady.

Sotheby:i don't know what's wrong with you, Mr. Carson, but these are not for dinner, not even food at all. These, these are golden money!
