Vertin:The second, the first and underground. Altogether three secret chambers in the speakeasy. There are mainly material rooms, study rooms and corridor on the second floor, cross out.The most likely place to park Schneider should be in one of the rooms on the other two floors. 
Vertin:It's a pity that the patrolman could not be confirmed. I'm afraid a battle will be inevitable.Bring the healing potion, other potions, medical equipment, food, masks of the Manus and... The rowan branch sprouted. The symbol of protection and blessing. I'll take it.

【Follow the map,avoid the minions and search the rooms.The Manus's mask blocks their sight.it both shelters and blinds them.There are no obstacles from the followers and disciples along the way, since a salute will save all the troubles. The tunnel to the underground floor this right here.its a fork in the road】

Vertin:Go. It's weird. It was a straight path when investigating.Someone's coming. I should hide from them. Hmm? Why, the rowan branch seems to be pulling me. Does it want me to choose the path where they are? Okay, then I'll wait for them to go over.

The Manus Follower 1:I saw my grandma in the entrance of the hospital. She choked on cash and was carried on a stretcher.She can't even recognise me.

The Manus Follower 2:It's nothing, Mr. Thomas. My son Robert's dead. I heard it on the radio. They're just sifted out by the storm. Not as lucky as we are.

The Manus Follower 1:I don't understand. Three hours before, you're still crying.

The Manus Follower 2: We have to accept all this. Accept that the dream of our new age is broken. And the fact that we have to fight against the government tomorrow.

The Manus Follower 1:Fight against the government?

The Manus Follower 2: Yes. Mr. Forget me not told me so. We need to deliver tons of goods to the real sanctuary of Manus Vindicte. Our safety is not fully guaranteed, even with the masks.only in the sanctuary can we hide from the influence of the storm. And then we set sail anew to the new age. To the new life!!!Just like Miss Vertin. our *roar*...

The Manus Follower 1:What are you talking about, Mr. Robert? Your hand! With the black slime! WHA-wha-what's this!You're like one of those monsters! I'll go to find somebody!

Vertin:Both his appearance and voice have changed. Just like the believers who can't talk.Is it because of the mask? Or Arcana? No, I can't stay any longer. I need to pass through here and go to the underground before anyone else comes.
Vertin: 'Mine hands, thine order. 'I'm Vertin. A follower like you. Please let me pass.He can't be talked into sense. Is he moving just by instinct? I can only stun you first. Sorry, Mr. Robert.

Vertin:Footsteps. At least five or six people. I should go downstairs quickly. The underground. Another turnoff.

[The sprout is growing at an unbelievable speed.it seems to be leading the way]

Vertin:Are you really showing me the way? Then I'll go left.So close. Just avoided another group of guards. It's a wine room. Schneider is not here. Next. This is a floating staircase going down. Is there another fourth space?

[The sprout is already of a finger's length.there is even a small bud on it.it points downstairs]

Vertin:Fine. Last bet. I'll go down....I found you! Schneider!

[She is barely breathing.Black bloodstains and feathers congeal into a silent figure.]

Vertin:Weak pulse. How come? We should have time to first aid.

Schneider:My lord?

Vertin:Schneider!

Schneider:Did I see illusions? Or are you missing me... Just as I'm missing you?Holding me so tight.

Vertin:Thank goodness you're fine. Drink these.

Schneider:Too rough, my lord. We just met.*cough* It tastes awful.Is it the special healing potion?

Vertin:And this. Eat. You must have been hungry for so long.

Schneider:What's this, my lord?

Vertin:It's the leftover cake from dinner. I can't bring too much with me. Hang in for a while. They will send you out here tonight. I just don't know. How did you do that? When you bumped me...The bullet did hit your chest.

Schneider:I don't have much energy to talk, my lord. I just want to know.Druvis's last choice.

Vertin:I didn't have the chance to talk to her alone. But I think, since I can meet you now, maybe.

[The sprout its blooming.Inside the blossoming flower lies a note:
tmr 10am.heavy fog.relief shelter in the woods]

Schneider:Oh, it's blooming.

Vertin:Maybe she shares the same dream with us. Schneider, now you need to save your strength. Don't open your eyes until you meet Sineto.I'll see you in the relief shelter.
