Druvis Ⅲ:It's a nice view here.

Forget me not:Indeed, where your woods can just be seen.

Druvis Ⅲ:Are you here to ask about my decision?

Forget me not:We have negotiated with the local government. They are very interested in your woods. Because of the storm, the medical supplies cannot meet the needs of the surging number of patients. They need places to house the patients and refugees.Your woods are the best choice for its abundant space and adaptability to cast the healing rituals. So, have you made up your mind, Miss Druvis? You're always welcome to join us, Manus.

Druvis Ⅲ:If I join you, will you reject the government because of me?

Forget me not:We have a better plan.In the woods, they're going to build the only major relief shelter in the city. Arcanum will be used as the main treatment here, which means...food,resource, money, and everything necessary to build Manus Vindictae. We've reached a consensus.Nobody can offer a better assistance in the field of Arcanum than us.

Druvis Ⅲ:What about those refugees?

Forget me not:Only those who are sifted out by the storm will become refugees. You will not. You have my word. We hope that on 'relief day, you'll show up as the owner of the woods and offer your help.

Druvis Ⅲ:I am no longer the owner of the woods.

Forget me not:For as long as you need. I will transfer the ownership to you at anytime. Not to mention that the one and only owner of the woods is you.From the beginning to the end. I know how you feel. What you once had is what I should have.I will look after the woods for you. Till the moment we start the relief day plan.

Druvis Ⅲ:Thank you.

[Forget me not has been away for a long time.
she(Druvis Ⅲ) looks out of the window
thoes trees..shall sprout?]

Druvis Ⅲ:For tomorrow.

[5 hours ago]

Schneider:Not enough bullets.Cover me, my lord.

Vertin:Your wound hasn't healed.Can't get hurt anymore. Stay behind me. This is a cage.She wants to catch us. The exit at two is our last chance. Break through!

Schneider:No, my lord.It's too late.

Vertin:Oh! It hurts. The slime on the thorns will make your body [stiff.be](http://stiff.be/) careful.

Schneider:All retreats are blocked. We are caught.

Vertin:No. We can't be trapped here. Let me try again.

Druvis Ⅲ:Give it up.

Vertin:It bounced back. How? How is the thorn cage so tough?

Druvis Ⅲ:It's over.

Damn it. Why?

Schneider:You are not pure blood, right? My lord.

Vertin:I'm not sure.

Schneider:You're like me. Crappy guy is not good at Arcanum.Don't you see it? The pure blood Arcanists and we are worlds apart. We can't beat Druvis. You know it.When you push out the old woman in white, you should have figured it out. No matter how we struggle, it makes no difference. We will be sent to Arcana.

Vertin:There must be a way. It just takes time.

Schneider:You are braver than most people I've ever met.My lord. But it's not enough. Far from enough.When it's time, please kill me.

Vertin:What are you talking about?

Schneider:Left of my chest. The Manus will not let us go.Killing each other has always been their favourite. You are much more important than me, my lord. Cherish your value.

Vertin:I don't understand.

Schneider:Remember, left of my chest. Do it quick.

Vertin:It's too risky and... 

Schneider:If you want to survive, we have no choice. Trust me, my lord. I cherish my life more than anyone.

Vertin:But what you said... She... She heard it all.

Druvis Ⅲ:...

Schneider:You are right, my lord. Our destiny is her choice.
